Added Customer Usage Attribute - Cleaned up unneeded files, updated ReadMe with opt out instructions. (#39)
Azure-Samples/openai-end-to-end-basic: README.md

   BASE_NAME=<base resource name, between 6 and 8 lowercase characters, all DNS names will include this text, so it must be unique.>
   ```

> 1. Create a resource group and deploy the infrastructure.<br>
>    **_NOTE:_** There is an optional tracking ID on this deployment. To opt out of its use add the following parameter to the deployment code below: "-p parTelemetryOptOut TRUE"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a resource group and deploy the infrastructure.

   *There is an optional tracking ID on this deployment. To opt out of its use, add the following parameter to the deployment code below: `-p telemetryOptOut true`.*
```
